Now that we're ready to start working on our project we would need to do our basic set up because all
our projects are going to go cowriter pretty much the same things right.
Even though for different projects they will be actually customized.
So all our projects we're going to need to found are some icons and we're going to need to pick some
kind of font.
Our hero would need some images or he'll going to pick some colors.
So let's go ahead and let's start working our basic setup so he can see or hear that.
I have a folder my project and it's completely empty or it's sitting on my desktop and I'm using a bracket's
texter.
So I'm going to do or he is going to drag this folder on here like this.
Right.
Drag it all the way to my text.
Once it's in there what I'm going to do first I'm going to create a new file and I'm going to say this
is going to be an issue here and for here we're going to make right away a live preview so we can actually
start working side by side.
So this is going to be my real life preview and then I'm going to make it a full screen here like this.
Right.
And then the first thing that we're going to do.
We're going to add a mascot.
So here I'm just going to say this is going to be full HD skulls and home like this.
The language you're going to have is going to be English.
Then over here the style sheet right this is going to be linked to our style sheet over here.
And this is going to be a project and to this is going to be the name of our file we're here link.
This is going to be our main CSSA.
I'm going to leave a comment.
Main see who says that on here you can see this is going to be doing.
And here we're going to say also main CIRCE's right now we would need to create a file to send you file
main success.
Now that we have this we're going to leave this one for now.
And we're going to go back to the next page tomorrow.
And this is going to be script.
This is going to be for javascript going and once in a while some type of javascript in order to make
our website fun.
So now that we have this set up.
First things first let's get our fantastic fantastic mine.
So we're going to send this one over here and we're going to go back over here and you can see that
if we go to a font of some IO on here or you can just go back to Google you could see that if I'm going
write the font awesome or some icons like this you can see that this is going to be the first link that's
going to open up.
So we bravely open up the link and we right away head for a down.
Right.
So here at home you can see that it's down.
So we're going to say we're here and we're going to say that we would want to download.
Right.
You can say we're here you don't need to agree all this right with on us we just you can just say no
form awesome number four and all here what's going to happen is this is going to say show in Finder
and this is going to be our downloads.
So once we open up our zip file or here right you can see the zip file opens and now what we need to
do is drag it to a folder.
So you're just going to minimize this here find the folder project and we're here with who we're going
to do is going to drag this one and actually place it in a project now when it's sitting in our project.
Let's go ahead and actually add a fantastic story so you can see that this is going to be my farm parson.
So we're here under the main to assess what we're going to do is we're going to say this is going to
be common.
This is going to be Fonte awesome icons like this.
So let's create a link here with a Amut.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be Fonte right.
So now I need to actually show where's my folder.
Then we're going to go to see this and I'm going to go to farm Tarsem.
Yes and on here just to test that out and everything is working.
We're going to do a very basic one.
We're going to say this is going to be I with the class of Hey hey hey and let's say this is going to
be home when you're like this.
And now I can see that I have the home and I was the side note for typing my age the e-mail I'm going
to be using and met maquettes extension or here let me show you where it is basically or here it is
already downloaded.
Right so now you can see that we're sitting in a bracket extensions and it just takes a little bit of
time to actually see right.
And then if we go down here right.
This is going to be high speed HD Malins see says workflow.
And basically what it means is that this is going to speed up our workflow.
We don't need to type all the time the full element right.
The force and extra development we can just type a few things and it's basically going to do the audiophile
for us but obviously at the end you're still going to be able to see what you're writing.
So even if I'm even if you are not using them right you'll see what's actually being typed I would suggest
for you to switch it because I'm is really going to speed up your workflow and avoid unnecessary typing
class and IDs and all those kind of things.
Right.
So what I'm going to do will say this.
Now we have found that some you see or hear.
And next we're going to move one and look at what is the next thing.
So now we're done with fun.
Awesome.
Next month would be Google phones.
And again we just go here and type Google fonts and we are led off here to this page and on here I'm
going to download right away rebottle because I like them and they're popular and all kinds of good
stuff.
However obviously you can see or hear that you have choices on choices and choices right.
And here you can be more specific right.
You can click whatever class you want right so you can choose the categories then you have styles right
so you can choose the thickness and slant.
And I mean I going to go over these options because they're very self-explanatory what you can do however
how you download this right.
So what are you going to do here was going out here and you can see that it's a family select.
So what we do here you can see that it opens up and then it says all right to this wouldn't be doing
that we would need.
And this is the thing that we need to place actually in our head element and our is when we would need
to add.
Right.
And obviously this we would have tactual body.
So we're going to do here we're going to say that this is going to be phantasm.
And after that we're here we're going to say this is going to be Google and we're going to say for months.
Right.
So here what is going to happen when the copy and paste this writing this is going to be new fonts will
save this and we're going to go back over here.
I don't know what to say for the whole body.
We're going to go back and we're going to get this from the family rubato.
So we're going to copy this and we're going to go back over here and then copy paste this font family
are.
So now when we have our custom phones let's check it out where we could get a images and where we can
get callers so we can close this from Tarsem.
And obviously you can get images from Google if you want.
However there's always going to be an issue if you're actually trying to sell something right.
Has your web page or something like that that you obviously need to have a copyright.
Right.
You cannot just willy nilly starting other people's images because they obviously belong to them.
So you can always do is go to pixels.
That's one of the Web sites and there's obviously few of them right where you can actually get images
for free more here and they're very actually good quality.
All right so we've got the pixels you can see what's happening right.
You can see that these are going to be images.
But obviously here you can just search right.
So I'm kind to wrangle here a computer and this right and I will going to have computer images on here
if I'm going to type on the city.
Right and we're going to be getting a lot of my city images and I can go on and on right.
So this would be a very nice site to actually get images and actually once you start getting images
from here and once you're going to be surfing around the web you actually are going to notice that a
lot of even well-known Web sites use these as free images right.
It might come as a surprise but you're actually very soon going to notice a lot of people are using
these sites.
So here the next one would be Gratus the graph.
Just because it gives you a lot of funky images.
So if you like some type of I don't know section of your web site or the whole project you want to make
it funky right.
Go to grad school because you can really get some some really cool and interesting images.
Then after that we have afterimages we have colors.
So I'm going to call these guys over here and for the colors I would suggest over here this see and
or here this is going to be two O's and then colors right.
So cool person or something like that right.
And a nice thing here is the generator to go back over here and we click on generator.
And now what we would need to do is actually just start pressing the space bar and we're going to be
giving five options.
It's all here fact repassing space.
But you can see that my colors are changing.
However I can go back over here and let's say you can see this lock so I can lock this car.
And now I'm getting four.
Right.
So now if I pick again something.
So now I'm going to be having over here.
Then let's say I'm going to pick.
I don't know.
And the collar on.
Right right.
So now we have all of them right.
So let's say I would just need last one.
So I'm just going to keep on pressing on here wherever and till I find whatever color I want.
Now obviously you don't need to use all five of them right.
But what it does it actually has a good suggestions right.
Which callers would actually go together and now that we're actually done with our basic setup we can
go ahead and start working on our project.